Improve documentation (#161)
cyberbotics/webots_ros2: webots_ros2_tiago/README.md

# TIAGo

> This package provides a ROS2 interface example of TIAGo simulated robots in Webots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides a ROS2 interface example for the simulated TIAGo robot in Webots.
```
